This document aims to make 100hacks a place for everyone to feel welcome. 
The rules, guidelines, and code of conduct that follow apply to all 100hacks subgroups

Rules and Guidelines
Hackers and Non-Hackers are diverse and complex, with many different interests and passions. 
These rules are in place so that everyone can feel comfortable participating in 100hacks. 
If you think they need editing or don't cover something important, please send a "pull request" to start the discussion.

Our guiding principle can be summarized here: 
- "Be excellent to each other."
- "Empower each other" 
- "Respect each other weakness and strength"

The Rules
These are the rules/the things this space is not for. 
We tried to keep them short. Breaking any of these will result in your prompt removal from 100hacks.

No harassment, including personal attacks.
No illegal/pirated content, requests for it, or information regarding the distribution of it.
No telling people they or their content is not welcome in 100hacks Hackathon. If you think a content does not belong in 100hacks, report the content or message to an admin. If you make other people feel unwelcome in 100hacks, we will remove you from the group.
No spam. 

Inclusivity Statement
100hacks Hackathon is the all-inclusive hackathons community.
We encourage everyone to participate and are committed to building a community for all. Although we will fail at times, we seek to treat everyone both as fairly and equally as possible. Whenever a participant has made a mistake, we expect them to take responsibility for it.

Although this list cannot be exhaustive, we explicitly honor diversity in age, gender, gender identity or expression, culture, ethnicity, language, national origin, political beliefs, profession, race, religion, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, and technical ability. We will not tolerate discrimination based on any of the protected characteristics above, including participants with disabilities. There is no one true hacker.

Our community prioritizes marginalized people's safe existence in the community. We will not tolerate posts encouraging:

-Insensitivity toward boundary statements, such as "leave me alone," "go away," or "I'm not discussing this with you"
-Racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behaviors or assumptions


License & Attribution
This Code of Conduct is heavily inspired by the Open Code of Conduct, 


Appendix A: Definitions
Harassment includes, but is not limited to:
Offensive comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness, neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, body size, race, age, regional discrimination, political or religious affiliation
Unwelcome comments regarding a person’s lifestyle choices and practices, including those related to food, health, parenting, drugs, and employment
Deliberate misgendering. This includes deadnaming or persistently using a pronoun that does not correctly reflect a person’s gender identity. You must address people by the name they give you when not addressing them by their username or handle
Inappropriate physical contact and simulated physical contact (eg, textual descriptions like "hug" or "backrub") without consent or after a request to stop
Threats of violence, both physical and psychological
Incitement of violence towards any individual, including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm
Deliberate intimidation
Stalking or following
Harassing photography or recording, including accessing private online activity for harassment purposes
Sustained disruption of discussion
Unwelcome sexual attention, including sexual images or behaviour
Pattern of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming inappropriate levels of intimacy with others
Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease
Deliberate "outing" of any aspect of a person’s identity without their consent except as necessary to protect others from intentional abuse
Publication of private communication without second party consent
